Master Kaecilius.
That ritual will bring
you only sorrow.
Hypocrite!
I thought we were using mice.
What's the difference?
Commence Experiment 34-C.
Organic atomic reduction.
Darren, maybe we should think...
Shrinking organic tissue is the
centerpiece of this technology.
I can't go to the buyers
with half a breakthrough.
Experiment 34-C results,
negative.
Sanitize the work station.
Bring in subject 35-C.
You're my bestest friend!
Are you sure you don't
want a different toy?
No, I love this one.
Okay. Well, get some sleep.
I love you.
- Mommy?
- Hmm?
Is Daddy a bad man?
I heard some
grownups say he's bad.
No.
Daddy just gets confused
sometimes, you know?
You know, you almost
had us convinced
that you were gonna
change your ways.
They were really
rooting for you.
It's gonna break their hearts.
You got a visitor.
Who?
Your lawyer.
My lawyer?
I told you I'd be
in touch, Scott.
I'm starting to think that you
prefer the inside of a jail cell.
Oh, man.
Sit down.
Sir, I'm sorry I stole the suit.
I don't even wanna
know why you have it.
Maggie was right about you.
How do you know about...
No wonder she's trying to
keep you away from Cassie.
The moment things get hard,
you turn right back to crime.
The way I see it,
you have a choice.
You can either spend the
rest of your life in prison,
or go back to your cell
and await further instructions.
I don't understand.
No, I don't expect you to.
But you don't have many
options right now, and quite frankly,
neither do I.
Why do you think I let you
steal that suit in the first place?
What?
Second chances don't
come around all that much.
So, next time you
think you might see one,
I suggest you take
a real close look at it.
Smart choice.
You actually listened, for once.
Under the door.
Okay, where to now?
- Hang tight.
- Oh, God.
What, what?
Where the hell did he go?
I have no idea.
He just vanished.
Set up a five-block perimeter.
Now!
Get back! Get back!
Scott, these are my associates.
Is that a camera on an ant?
Yeah, sure. Why not?
Where's the car?
No car. We've got wings.
Incoming!
Put your foot on the central
node and mount the thorax.
How safe is...
Just get on the damn ant, Scott!
Why am I on a police car?
Shouldn't I not
be on a police car?
So they can give you a lift
past their five-block perimeter.
All right.
Now, what's the next move?
Hang on tight.
Oh, this is easy!
I'm getting the hang of this.
Yank up to go up.
It's like a horse.
You're throwing 247 off balance.
Wait, his name is 247?
He doesn't have a name,
he has a number, Scott.
Do you have any idea
how many ants there are?
Whoa!
Maybe it's... Maybe it's 248.
No, no! Vertigo, vertigo!
No, I think it's 247.
Wait.
Hang on tight!
I think I'm getting
the hang of this.
I am controlling 247.
He is not listening to you.
What?
Can I make one little request?
No.
Stop, 247! Time out, time out.
Time out.
All right, hold on.
Just wait! Whoa!
What happens if I
throw up in this helmet?
It's my helmet, Scott.
You do not throw up.
Let's set her down, all right?
I'm getting light-headed.
Hang on, Scott.
I'm getting a little light...
I need a snooze button.
Hit me in 5 minutes.
The language of
the mystic arts...
is as old as civilization.
The sorcerers of antiquity...
called the use of
this language "spells."
But if that word offends
your modern sensibilities...
you can call it a "program."
The source code
that shapes reality.
We harness energy...
drawn from other
dimensions of the Multiverse...
to cast spells...
to conjure shields...
and weapons...
to make magic.
But even if my
fingers could do that...
my hands would just
be waving in the air.
How do I get from here to there?
How did you get to
reattach severed nerves...
and put a human spine
back together bone by bone?
Study and practice, years of it.
Hey.
Mr. Strange.
Uh, Stephen, please.
- And you are?
- Wong.
Wong.
Just Wong?
Like Adele?
Or Aristotle.
Drake.
Bono.
Eminem.
The Book of the Invisible Sun.
Astronomia Nova.
Codex Imperium.
Key of Solomon.
You finished all of these?
Yup.
Come with me.
All right.
This section is
for masters only...
but at my discretion,
others may use it.
You should start
with Maxim's Primer.
How's your Sanskrit?
I'm fluent in Google Translate.
Vedic, classical Sanskrit.
What are those?
The Ancient One's
private collection.
So, they're forbidden?
No knowledge in
Kamar-Taj is forbidden.
Only certain practices.
Those books are far too advanced
for anyone other than
the Sorcerer Supreme.
This one's got pages missing.
That's The Book of Cagliostro.
A study of time.
One of the rituals was
stolen by a former master.
The Zealot, Kaecilius.
Just after he strung
up the former librarian...
and relieved him of his head.
I am now the guardian
of these books.
So if a volume from this
collection should be stolen again...
I'd know it...
and you'd be dead before
you ever left the compound.
What if it's just overdue?
Any late fees I should know about?
Maiming, perhaps?
People used to
think that I was funny.
Did they work for you?
All right.
Well, it's been lovely talking to you.
Thank you for the books...
and for the horrifying story...
and for the threat upon my life.
Hello.
Who are you?
Have you been standing there,
watching me sleep, this whole time?
Yes.
Why?
Because the last time you
were here, you stole something.
Oh. Oh.
Hey, look...
Whoa!
Paraponera clavata.
Giant tropical bullet ants,
ranked highest on
the Schmidt pain index.
They're here to keep an
eye on you when I can't.
Dr.
Pym's waiting for you downstairs.
Who?
Hey!
Um... Whose pajamas are these?
How am I supposed to do this?
All right, just one
step at a time.
Ugh!
You don't bite me, I don't step on you.
Deal?
I could take down the servers
and Cross wouldn't even know it.
We don't need this guy.
I assume that you've already
met my daughter, Hope.
I did. She's great.
She doesn't think
that we need you.
We don't.
We can do this ourselves.
I go to all this effort
to let you steal my suit,
and then Hope has you arrested.
Okay, we can try this and
when he fails, I'll do it myself.
She's a little bit anxious.
It has to do with this job,
which, judging by the fact
that you're sitting opposite me,
I take it that
you're interested in.
What job?
Would you like some tea?
Uh... Sure.
I was very impressed with
how you managed to get
past my security system.
Freezing that metal
was particularly clever.
Were you watching me?
I saw myself,
ever since you
robbed Vista Corp.
Vista's security
system was one of
the most advanced
in the business.
It was supposed
to be unbeatable.
But you beat it.
Would you like some sugar?
Yeah, thanks.
You know what? I'm okay.
How do you make them do that?
Ants can lift objects
50 times their weight.
They build, farm, they
cooperate with each other.
Right. But how do you
make them do that?
I use electromagnetic waves to
stimulate their olfactory nerve center.
I speak to them.
I can go anywhere,
hear anything,
and see everything.
And still know
absolutely nothing.
I'm late to meet Cross.
Uh... Dr. Pym?
You don't need to
raise your hand, Scott.
Sorry, I just have one question.
Who are you, who is she,
what the hell's going on,
and can I go back to jail now?
Come with me.
40 years ago, I
created a formula
that altered atomic
relative distance.
Huh?
I learned how to change
the distance between atoms.
That's what powers the suit.
That's why it works.
Wow.
Whoa! But it was dangerous.
It was too dangerous.
So I hid it from the world.
And that's when I switched gears
and I started my own company.
Pym Tech.
Yes.
I took on a young protege
called Darren Cross.
Darren Cross.
He's a big deal.
But before he was a big
deal, he was my assistant.
I thought I saw something in him.
The son I never had, perhaps.
He was brilliant, but
as we became close,
he began to suspect that I
wasn't telling him everything.
He heard rumors about what
was called the Pym Particle,
and he became obsessed
with recreating my formula.
But I wouldn't help him.
So he conspired against me and
he voted me out of my own company.
How could he do that?
The board's chairman
is my daughter, Hope.
She was the deciding vote.
But she came back to me
when she saw how close Cross
was to cracking my formula.
The process is highly volatile.
If one isn't protected
by a specialized helmet,
it can affect the
brain's chemistry.
I don't think
Darren realizes this,
and, you know, he's not the
most stable guy to begin with.
So, what do you want from me?
Scott, I believe that everyone
deserves a shot at redemption.
Do you?
I do.
If you can help me,
I promise I can help you
be with your daughter again.
Now, are you ready
to redeem yourself?
Absolutely.
My days of breaking into
places and stealing shit are done.
What do you want me to do?
I want you to break into a
place and steal some shit.
Are you gonna be
home for dinner tonight?
Uh, yeah.
I'll pick something up. Text me.
Okay. Good news?
Uh... I don't know. It's news.
Are you trying to find my daddy?
Yeah, I am, sweetheart.
I just want your
daddy to be safe.
Hope you don't catch him.
Mastery of the sling ring is
essential to the mystic arts.
They allow us to travel
throughout the Multiverse.
All you need to do is focus.
Visualize.
See the destination
in your mind.
Look beyond the
world in front of you.
Imagine every detail.
The clearer the picture,
the quicker and easier...
the gateway will come.
And stop.
I would like a moment
alone with Mr. Strange.
Of course.
My hands.
It's not about your hands.
How is this not about my hands?
Master Hamir.
Thank you, Master Hamir.
You cannot beat a
river into submission.
You have to surrender
to its current...
and use its power as your own.
I control it by
surrendering control?
That doesn't make any sense.
Not everything does.
Not everything has to.
Your intellect has
taken you far in life...
but it will take you no further.
Surrender, Stephen.
Silence your ego...
and your power will rise.
Come with me.
Wait.
- Is this...
- Everest.
Beautiful.
Yeah, right, beautiful.
Freezing but beautiful.
At this temperature...
a person can last
for 30 minutes...
before suffering
permanent loss of function.
Great.
But you'll likely go into
shock within the first two.
- What?
- Surrender, Stephen.
No!
How's our new recruit?
We shall see.
Any second now.
Oh, no, not again.
Maybe I should...
Stephen.
Wong.
What do you want, Strange?
Books on astral projection.
You're not ready for that.
Try me, Beyoncé.
Oh, come on.
You've heard of her.
She's a huge star, right?
Do you ever laugh?
Oh, come on, just
give me the book.
No.
This isn't the first
time these guys
have tried to get their hands
on game-changing weaponry.
That's Mitchell Carson, Ex-Head
of Defense at S.H.I.E.L.D.
Presently in the business
of toppling governments.
He always wanted my tech.
And now, unless we break
in and steal the Yellowjacket
and destroy all the data,
Darren Cross is gonna
unleash chaos upon the world.
I think our first move should
be calling the Avengers.
I spent half my life
trying to keep this technology
out of the hands of a Stark.
I'm sure as hell not gonna
hand-deliver it to one now.
This is not some cute
technology like the Iron Man suit.
This could change
the texture of reality.
Besides, they're
probably too busy
dropping cities out of the sky.
Okay, then why don't
you just send the ants?
Scott, they are ants.
Ants, they can do a lot of
things, but they still need a leader.
Somebody that
could infiltrate a place
that's designed to
prevent infiltration.
Hank, I'm a thief, all right?
I mean,
I'm a good thief,
but this is insane.
He's right, Hank.
And you know it.
You've seen the footage, you
know what Cross is capable of.
I was against using him
when we had months,
and now we have days.
I'm wearing the suit.
Absolutely not!
I know the facility inside and out.
I know how Cross thinks.
I know this mission
better than anybody here.
We need you close to Cross.
Otherwise, this mission cannot work.
We don't have time
to screw around!
Hope, please listen to me...
He is a criminal!
I'm your daughter.
No!
She's right, Hank.
I'm not your guy.
Why don't you wear the suit?
You think I don't want to?
I can't.
I spent years wearing it,
and it took a toll on me.
You're our only option.
Before Hope lost her mother,
she used to look at me like I
was the greatest man in the world.
And now she looks at me
and there's just disappointment.
It's too late for me,
but not for you.
This is your chance.
The chance to earn that
look in your daughter's eyes.
To become the hero that
she already thinks you are.
It's not about saving our world.
It's about saving theirs.
Damn. That was a good speech.
Scott,
I need you to be the Ant-Man.
In the right hands,
the relationship between
man and suit is symbiotic.
The suit has power.
The man harnesses that power.
You need to be skillful,
agile, and above all,
you need to be fast.
You should be able
to shrink and grow
on a dime.
So your size always
suits your needs.
Now dive through
the keyhole, Scott.
You charge big, you dive
small, then you emerge big.
Ow!
Ahhh!
Useless.
When you're small,
energy's compressed,
so you have the force
of a 200-pound man
behind a fist a 100th of an inch wide.
You're like a bullet.
You punch too hard, you kill someone.
Too soft, it's a love tap.
In other words, you have
to know how to punch.
I was in prison for three years.
I know how to punch.
Show me.
Terrible.
You wanna show me how to punch?
Show me...
That's how you punch.
She's been looking
forward to this.
No kidding.
Hope trained in martial
arts at a difficult time.
Oh, by "difficult time," he
means when my mother died.
We lost her in a plane crash.
It's bad enough you
won't tell me how she died.
Could you please
stop telling me that lie?
We're working, here.
All right, princess.
Let's get back to work.
Were you going for the hand?
You know, I think this
regulator is holding me back.
Do not screw with the regulator.
If that regulator
is compromised,
you would go subatomic.
What does that mean?
It means that you would
enter a quantum realm.
What does that mean?
It means that you
would enter a reality
where all concepts
of time and space
become irrelevant
as you shrink for all eternity.
Everything that you know
and love,
gone forever.
Cool. Yeah, if it ain't broke...
You've learned about the suit,
but you've yet to learn
about your greatest allies,
the ants.
Loyal, brave,
and your partners on this job.
Paratrechina longicornis.
Commonly known as crazy ants.
They're lightning fast
and can conduct electricity,
which makes them useful
to fry out enemy electronics.
You're not so crazy.
Hey!
You're cute.
That was a lot
scarier a second ago.
It looks like the Futures Lab
has its own isolated power supply.
There's a security guard
posted around the clock.
We'll need you to take him out
to deactivate the security systems.
Okay, who's next?
Paraponera clavata.
I know. Bullet ants, right?
Number 1 on the
Schmidt pain index?
Hey, guys.
Remember me from the bedroom?
The Yellowjacket pod
is hermetically sealed,
and the only access
point is a tube
we estimate to be about
5 millimeters in diameter.
Why do I have a sick
feeling in my stomach?
The tube is protected
by a laser grid,
and we can only power
that down for 15 seconds.
You're gonna need to signal
the crazy ants to blow the servers,
retrieve the suit,
and exit the vaults
before the backup
power comes on.
Camponotus pennsylvanicus.
Alternatively known
as a carpenter ant.
Ideal for ground
and air transport.
Wait a minute, I know this guy.
I'm gonna call him "Ant-thony."
That's good. That's very good.
Because this time,
you're really gonna
have to learn
how to control him.
Tell them to put the
sugar in the teacup.
Aw! You okay? Did I hurt...
Hank wants you outside
for target practice.
The suit has no weapons,
so I made you these discs.
Red shrinks.
Blue enlarges.
Solenopsis mandibularis.
Known for their bite,
the fire ants have evolved
into remarkable architects.
They are handy to get you
in and out of difficult places.
You can do it, Scott. Come on.
They're not listening to me.
You have to commit.
You have to mean it.
No shortcuts, no lies.
Throwing insults into the mix
will not do anyone
any good, Hope.
We don't have time for coddling.
Our focus should
be on helping Scott!
Really?
Is that where our
focus should be?
Hope!
I don't know why I came
to you in the first place.
We can't do this without her.
Oh, God.
You gotta lock your doors.
I mean, really, there's some
weird folks in this neighborhood.
Do you think this is a joke?
Do you have any idea
what he's asking you to risk?
You have a daughter.
I'm doing this for her.
You know, when my mother
died, I didn't see him for two weeks.
He was in grief.
Yeah, so was I, and I was seven.
And he never came back.
Not in any way that counted.
He just sent me off
to boarding school.
You know, I thought,
with all that's at stake,
just maybe we might have
a chance of making peace.
But, even now, he still
wants to shut me out.
He doesn't wanna shut you out.
He trusts you.
Then why are you here?
It proves that he loves you.
Hope. Look at me.
I'm expendable.
That's why I'm here.
You must have
realized that by now.
I mean, it's why I'm in
the suit and you're not.
He would rather lose
this fight than lose you.
Anyway...
You know, I didn't
know you had a daughter
when I called the cops on you.
What's her name?
Cassie.
It's a pretty name.
You have to clear
your mind, Scott.
You have to make
your thoughts precise.
That's how it works.
Think about Cassie.
About how badly you want to see her.
And use that to focus.
Open your eyes
and just think about what
you want the ants to do.
That's good!
Once, in this room,
you begged me to let you learn.
Now, I'm told you
question every lesson...
preferring to teach yourself.
Once, in this room, you
told me to open my eye.
Now, I'm being told
to blindly accept rules...
that make no sense.
Like the rule against conjuring
a gateway in the library?
Wong told on me?
You're advancing quickly
with your sorcery skills.
You need a safe space
to practice your spells.
You are now inside
the Mirror Dimension...
ever present but undetected.
The real world isn't affected
by what happens here.
We use the Mirror
Dimension to train, surveil...
and sometimes
to contain threats.
You don't wanna be stuck
in here without your sling ring.
Hold on. Sorry.
What do you mean, "threats?"
Learning of an infinite Multiverse
includes learning of infinite dangers.
If I told you everything else
that you don't already know...
you'd run from here in terror.
So just how ancient is she?
No one knows the age
of the Sorcerer Supreme.
Only that she's Celtic and
never talks about her past.
You follow her, even
though you don't know?
I know she's steadfast...
but unpredictable.
Merciless, yet kind.
She made me what I am.
Trust your teacher...
and don't lose your way.
Like Kaecilius?
That's right.
You knew him.
When he first came to us...
he'd lost everyone
he ever loved.
He was a grieving, broken man
searching for answers in the mystic arts.
A brilliant student, but
he was proud, headstrong.
He questioned the Ancient
One, rejected her teaching.
He left Kamar-Taj.
His disciples followed
him like sheep.
Seduced by false doctrine.
And he stole the
forbidden ritual, right?
Yes.
What did it do?
No more questions.
What's that?
That's a question.
This is a relic.
Some magic is too
powerful to sustain...
so we imbue objects with it...
allowing them to take
the strain we cannot.
This is the staff...
of the Living Tribunal.
There are many relics.
The Wand of Watoomb.
The Vaulting Boots of Valtorr.
Really just roll off
the tongue, don't they?
- When do I get my relic?
- When you're ready.
I think I'm ready.
You're ready when the
relic decides you're ready.
For now...
conjure a weapon.
All right.
Fight!
Fight like your
life depended on it.
Because one day...
it may.
We will now receive the power
to destroy the one
who betrayed us.
The one who betrays the world.
How could I think Tivan could
contain whatever was within the Orb?
What do you still have it for?
What are we gonna
do, leave it in there?
I can't believe you
had that in your purse!
It's not a purse,
it's a knapsack!
We have to bring
this to the Nova Corps.
There's a chance
they can contain it.
Are you kidding me?
We're wanted by the Nova Corps.
Just give it to Ronan!
So he can destroy the galaxy?
What are you, some
saint all of a sudden?
What has the galaxy ever done for you?
Why would you wanna save it?
Because I'm one of
the idiots who lives in it!
Peter, listen to me.
We cannot allow the Stone
to fall into Ronan's hands.
We have to go back to your ship,
and deliver it to Nova.
Right, right, okay.
I think you're right.
Or we could give it to somebody
who's not going to arrest us,
who's really nice
for a whole lot of money.
I think it's a really good balance
between both of your points of view.
You're despicable.
Dishonorable.
Faithless!
- Oh, no.
- At last!
I shall meet my
foe and destroy him.
You called Ronan?
Quill! Don't you move, boy!
Don't you move!
Get out of the way!
Ronan the Accuser!
You are the one who
transmitted the message?
You killed my wife.
You killed my daughter!
I told you, you can't fit.
Now, wait here. I'll be back.
It is Gamora.
She is escaping with the Orb.
No!
Nebula,
retrieve the Orb.
The Stone is in
the furthest pod.
Bring it down!
Ah!
Rocket, keep them off Gamora
until she gets to the Milano.
How?
We've got no weaponry on these things.
These pods are industrial grade.
They're nearly indestructible.
Not against
necroblasts, they're not.
That's not what I'm saying.
Oh!
Let me borrow your ride.
I don't recall
killing your family.
I doubt I'll remember
killing you, either.
Quill, I'm trapped.
I can't make it to the Milano.
I have to head out.
Wait!
These things aren't meant to go out there.
You are a
disappointment, sister.
Of all our siblings,
I hated you least.
Nebula, please.
If Ronan gets this stone
- he'll kill us all.
- Not all.
You will already be dead.
Ronan, it is done.
Quill, come on.
Her body mods should keep
her alive a couple more minutes,
but there's nothing
we can do for her.
These pods aren't
meant to be out here.
In a second, we're
gonna be in the same boat.
Aw, damn it.
Quill?
Yondu! Yondu.
This is Quill!
- My coordinates are 227K324.
- Quill.
Quill, what are you doing?
Just outside Knowhere.
If you're there, come get me.
I'm all yours.
Quill, don't be ridiculous.
Get back into your pod!
You can't fit two people in there.
You're gonna die.
You'll die in seconds!
Quill.
Quill?
What happened?
I saw you out there.
I don't know what came over me.
But I couldn't let you die.
I found something
inside of myself.
Something
incredibly heroic.
I mean, not to brag,
but, objectively...
Where's the Orb?
It's... Well, they got the Orb.
What?
Welcome home, Peter.
Your mother convinced me
to let her join me
on my missions.
They called her the Wasp.
She was born to it.
And there's not
a day that goes by
that I don't regret
having said yes.
It was 1987.
Separatists had hijacked a
Soviet missile silo in Kursk
and launched an ICBM
at the United States.
The only way to the
internal mechanics
was through solid titanium.
I knew I had to shrink between
the molecules to disarm the missile.
But my regulator had
sustained too much damage.
Your mother,
she didn't hesitate.
Janet! No!
She turned off her regulator
and went subatomic
to deactivate the bomb.
And she was gone.
Your mom died a hero.
And I spent the next 10 years
trying to learn all I could
about the quantum realm.
You were trying
to bring her back.
But all I learned
was we know nothing.
It's not your fault.
She made her choice.
But why didn't you
tell me that sooner?
I was trying to protect you.
I lost your mother.
I didn't mean to lose you, too.
I'm sorry.
This is awesome.
It's awesome, you know?
You guys are breaking
down walls, you're healing.
It's important.
I ruined the moment, didn't I?
Yes, you did. Yes.
I'm going to make some tea.
Blasted idiot.
They're all idiots!
Quill just got himself captured.
None of this ever would have happened
if you didn't try to single-handedly
take on a frickin' army!
You're right.
I was a fool.
All the anger,
all the rage,
was just to cover my loss.
Oh, boo-hoo-hoo.
"My wife and child are dead."
Oh, I don't care if it's mean!
Everybody's got dead people.
It's no excuse to
get everybody else
dead along the way!
Come on, Groot.
Ronan has the Stone.
The only chance we got is to
get to the other side of the universe
as fast as we can and maybe,
just maybe, we'll be able to live full
lives before that whack-job ever gets there.
I am Groot.
Save them? How?
I know they're the only
friends that we ever had,
but there's an army of
Ravagers around them.
And there's only two of us!
Three.
Aw!
You're making me
beat...up
grass!
The Orb is in my possession,
as I promised.
Bring it to me.
Yes, that was our agreement.
Bring you the Orb,
and you will destroy
Xandar for me.
However, now that I know
it contains an Infinity Stone,
I wonder what
use I have for you.
Boy,
I would reconsider
your current course.
Master! You cannot!
Thanos is the most
powerful being in the universe.
Not anymore.
You call me "boy!"
I will unfurl 1,000 years
of Kree justice on Xandar,
and burn it to its core!
Then, Thanos,
I am coming for you.
After Xandar, you are
going to kill my father?
You dare to oppose me?
You see what he
has turned me into.
If you kill him, I will help you
destroy a thousand planets.
What do you let it
lick you like that for?
Gross.
Yeah!
But it burns going down.